doc: add tutorial to verify tracee signature (#3291)
aquasecurity/tracee: docs/tutorials/verify-tracee-signature.md

# Cosign: verify tracee signature

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure that you have the following:

- [cosign](https://docs.sigstore.dev/cosign/installation/)

## Verify tracee signature

> Trace images are signed with cosign keyless. To verify the signature we can run the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracee images are signed with cosign keyless. To verify the signature you can run the command:
```
